feat: support preset versioning with git tags (#11565)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/config-presets.md

## Preset Hosting

> In general, GitHub, GitLab or Gitea-based preset hosting is easier than npm because you avoid the "publish" step - simply commit preset code to the default branch and it will be picked up by Renovate the next time it runs. You can also set a git tag (like a semver) to use specific releases of your shared config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, GitHub, GitLab or Gitea-based preset hosting is easier than npm because you avoid the "publish" step - simply commit preset code to the default branch and it will be picked up by Renovate the next time it runs.
You can also set a Git tag (like a SemVer) to use specific releases of your shared config.
```

Use one sentence per line. 😉 
Also capitalize proper nouns like Git, and also appropriately capitalize the term SemVer.

## Preset Hosting

In general, GitHub, GitLab or Gitea-based preset hosting is easier than npm because you avoid the "publish" step - simply commit preset code to the default branch and it will be picked up by Renovate the next time it runs.

You can also set a Git tag (like a SemVer) to use specific releases of your shared config.

An additional benefit of using source code hosting is that the same token/authentication can be reused by Renovate in case you want to make your config private.

> | name                               | example use                      | preset    | resolves as                          | filename        | tag            |

Reviewer: This table is also getting too big for my tastes. 😄

| Gitea with preset name             | `gitea>abc/foo:xyz`              | `xyz`     | `https://gitea.com/abc/foo`          | `xyz.json`      | Default branch |
| Gitea default with a tag           | `gitea>abc/foo#1.2.5`            | `default` | `https://gitea.com/abc/foo`          | `default.json`  | `1.2.5.`       |
| Gitea with preset name with a tag  | `gitea>abc/foo:xyz#1.2.5`        | `xyz`     | `https://gitea.com/abc/foo`          | `xyz.json`      | `1.2.5.`       |
| Local default                      | `local>abc/foo`                  | `default` | `https://github.company.com/abc/foo` | `default.json`  | Default branch |
| Local with preset path             | `local>abc/foo//path/xyz`        | `default` | `https://github.company.com/abc/foo` | `path/xyz.json` | Default branch |
| Local default with a tag           | `local>abc/foo#1.2.5`            | `default` | `https://github.company.com/abc/foo` | `default.json`  | `1.2.5.`       |
| Local with preset path with a tag  | `local>abc/foo//path/xyz#1.2.5`  | `default` | `https://github.company.com/abc/foo` | `path/xyz.json` | `1.2.5.`       |

> Note that you can't combine the path and sub-preset syntaxes (i.e. anything in the form `provider>owner/repo//path/to/file:subsubpreset`) is not supported. One workaround is to use distinct files instead of sub-presets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you can't combine the path and sub-preset syntaxes (i.e. anything in the form `provider>owner/repo//path/to/file:subsubpreset`) is not supported.
One workaround is to use distinct files instead of sub-presets.
```

Let's use one sentence per line here as well. I know this is not a line that this PR is adjusting, but we can fix it in one go here. 😉

## Preset Hosting

In general, GitHub, GitLab or Gitea-based preset hosting is easier than npm because you avoid the "publish" step - simply commit preset code to the default branch and it will be picked up by Renovate the next time it runs.

> You can also set a Git tag (like a SemVer) to use specific releases of your shared config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set a Git tag (like a SemVer) to use a specific release of your shared config.
```

| GitLab default with a tag          | `gitlab>abc/foo#1.5.4`     | `default` | `https://gitlab.com/abc/foo` | `default.json` | `1.5.4`        |
| GitLab with preset name with a tag | `gitlab>abc/foo:xyz#1.5.4` | `xyz`     | `https://gitlab.com/abc/foo` | `xyz.json`     | `1.5.4`        |

### Gitea

| name                              | example use               | preset    | resolves as                 | filename       | tag            |
| --------------------------------- | ------------------------- | --------- | --------------------------- | -------------- | -------------- |
| Gitea default                     | `gitea>abc/foo`           | `default` | `https://gitea.com/abc/foo` | `default.json` | Default branch |
| Gitea with preset name            | `gitea>abc/foo:xyz`       | `xyz`     | `https://gitea.com/abc/foo` | `xyz.json`     | Default branch |
| Gitea default with a tag          | `gitea>abc/foo#1.5.4`     | `default` | `https://gitea.com/abc/foo` | `default.json` | `1.5.4`        |
| Gitea with preset name with a tag | `gitea>abc/foo:xyz#1.5.4` | `xyz`     | `https://gitea.com/abc/foo` | `xyz.json`     | `1.5.4`        |

> ### Self-hosted git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Self-hosted Git
```

Git is a proper noun, so should be capitalized. 😉

| name                              | example use                     | preset    | resolves as                          | filename        | Git tag        |
| --------------------------------- | ------------------------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------ | --------------- | -------------- |
| Local default                     | `local>abc/foo`                 | `default` | `https://github.company.com/abc/foo` | `default.json`  | Default branch |
| Local with preset path            | `local>abc/foo//path/xyz`       | `default` | `https://github.company.com/abc/foo` | `path/xyz.json` | Default branch |

> | Local default with a tag          | `local>abc/foo#1.2.5`           | `default` | `https://github.company.com/abc/foo` | `default.json`  | `1.2.5.`       |
> | Local with preset path with a tag | `local>abc/foo//path/xyz#1.2.5` | `default` | `https://github.company.com/abc/foo` | `path/xyz.json` | `1.2.5.`       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Local default with a tag          | `local>abc/foo#1.5.4`           | `default` | `https://github.company.com/abc/foo` | `default.json`  | `1.5.4.`       |
| Local with preset path with a tag | `local>abc/foo//path/xyz#1.5.4` | `default` | `https://github.company.com/abc/foo` | `path/xyz.json` | `1.5.4.`       |
```

### Self-hosted Git

| name                                       | example use                    | preset    | resolves as                          | filename        | Git tag        |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------ | --------- | ------------------------------------ | --------------- | -------------- |
| Local default                              | `local>abc/foo`                | `default` | `https://github.company.com/abc/foo` | `default.json`  | Default branch |
| Local with preset path                     | `local>abc/foo:path/xyz`       | `xyz`     | `https://github.company.com/abc/foo` | `path/xyz.json` | Default branch |
| Local default with a tag                   | `local>abc/foo#1.5.4`          | `default` | `https://github.company.com/abc/foo` | `default.json`  | `1.5.4`        |
| Local with preset name with a tag          | `local>abc/foo:xyz#1.5.4`      | `xyz`     | `https://github.company.com/abc/foo` | `xyz.json`      | `1.5.4`        |
| Local with preset name and path with a tag | `local>abc/foo:path/xyz#1.5.4` | `xyz`     | `https://github.company.com/abc/foo` | `path/xyz.json` | `1.5.4`        |

> Note that you can't combine the path and sub-preset syntaxes (i.e. anything in the form `provider>owner/repo//path/to/file:subsubpreset`) is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you can't combine the path and sub-preset syntaxes.
This means that anything in the form `provider>owner/repo//path/to/file:subsubpreset` is not supported.
```

I think this is clearer, the old text had the `()` characters misplaced.
